track mm99_CF
bigDataUrl mm99_CF.bw
shortLabel mm99_CF
longLabel mm99_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm99_FB
bigDataUrl mm99_FB.bw
shortLabel mm99_FB
longLabel mm99_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm99_FL
bigDataUrl mm99_FL.bw
shortLabel mm99_FL
longLabel mm99_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm99_HB
bigDataUrl mm99_HB.bw
shortLabel mm99_HB
longLabel mm99_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm99_HL
bigDataUrl mm99_HL.bw
shortLabel mm99_HL
longLabel mm99_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm99_HR
bigDataUrl mm99_HR.bw
shortLabel mm99_HR
longLabel mm99_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm99_MB
bigDataUrl mm99_MB.bw
shortLabel mm99_MB
longLabel mm99_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm99_NT
bigDataUrl mm99_NT.bw
shortLabel mm99_NT
longLabel mm99_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm99_TK
bigDataUrl mm99_TK.bw
shortLabel mm99_TK
longLabel mm99_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm99_TL
bigDataUrl mm99_TL.bw
shortLabel mm99_TL
longLabel mm99_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

