track mm55_CF
bigDataUrl mm55_CF.bw
shortLabel mm55_CF
longLabel mm55_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm55_FB
bigDataUrl mm55_FB.bw
shortLabel mm55_FB
longLabel mm55_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm55_FL
bigDataUrl mm55_FL.bw
shortLabel mm55_FL
longLabel mm55_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm55_HB
bigDataUrl mm55_HB.bw
shortLabel mm55_HB
longLabel mm55_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm55_HL
bigDataUrl mm55_HL.bw
shortLabel mm55_HL
longLabel mm55_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm55_HR
bigDataUrl mm55_HR.bw
shortLabel mm55_HR
longLabel mm55_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm55_MB
bigDataUrl mm55_MB.bw
shortLabel mm55_MB
longLabel mm55_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm55_NT
bigDataUrl mm55_NT.bw
shortLabel mm55_NT
longLabel mm55_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm55_TK
bigDataUrl mm55_TK.bw
shortLabel mm55_TK
longLabel mm55_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm55_TL
bigDataUrl mm55_TL.bw
shortLabel mm55_TL
longLabel mm55_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

