track mm47_CF
bigDataUrl mm47_CF.bw
shortLabel mm47_CF
longLabel mm47_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm47_FB
bigDataUrl mm47_FB.bw
shortLabel mm47_FB
longLabel mm47_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm47_FL
bigDataUrl mm47_FL.bw
shortLabel mm47_FL
longLabel mm47_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm47_HB
bigDataUrl mm47_HB.bw
shortLabel mm47_HB
longLabel mm47_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm47_HL
bigDataUrl mm47_HL.bw
shortLabel mm47_HL
longLabel mm47_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm47_HR
bigDataUrl mm47_HR.bw
shortLabel mm47_HR
longLabel mm47_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm47_MB
bigDataUrl mm47_MB.bw
shortLabel mm47_MB
longLabel mm47_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm47_NT
bigDataUrl mm47_NT.bw
shortLabel mm47_NT
longLabel mm47_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm47_TK
bigDataUrl mm47_TK.bw
shortLabel mm47_TK
longLabel mm47_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm47_TL
bigDataUrl mm47_TL.bw
shortLabel mm47_TL
longLabel mm47_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

