track hs16_CF
bigDataUrl hs16_CF.bw
shortLabel hs16_CF
longLabel hs16_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs16_FB
bigDataUrl hs16_FB.bw
shortLabel hs16_FB
longLabel hs16_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs16_FL
bigDataUrl hs16_FL.bw
shortLabel hs16_FL
longLabel hs16_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs16_HB
bigDataUrl hs16_HB.bw
shortLabel hs16_HB
longLabel hs16_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs16_HL
bigDataUrl hs16_HL.bw
shortLabel hs16_HL
longLabel hs16_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs16_HR
bigDataUrl hs16_HR.bw
shortLabel hs16_HR
longLabel hs16_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs16_MB
bigDataUrl hs16_MB.bw
shortLabel hs16_MB
longLabel hs16_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs16_NT
bigDataUrl hs16_NT.bw
shortLabel hs16_NT
longLabel hs16_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs16_TK
bigDataUrl hs16_TK.bw
shortLabel hs16_TK
longLabel hs16_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs16_TL
bigDataUrl hs16_TL.bw
shortLabel hs16_TL
longLabel hs16_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

