track hs20_CF
bigDataUrl hs20_CF.bw
shortLabel hs20_CF
longLabel hs20_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs20_FB
bigDataUrl hs20_FB.bw
shortLabel hs20_FB
longLabel hs20_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs20_FL
bigDataUrl hs20_FL.bw
shortLabel hs20_FL
longLabel hs20_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs20_HB
bigDataUrl hs20_HB.bw
shortLabel hs20_HB
longLabel hs20_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs20_HL
bigDataUrl hs20_HL.bw
shortLabel hs20_HL
longLabel hs20_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs20_HR
bigDataUrl hs20_HR.bw
shortLabel hs20_HR
longLabel hs20_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs20_MB
bigDataUrl hs20_MB.bw
shortLabel hs20_MB
longLabel hs20_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs20_NT
bigDataUrl hs20_NT.bw
shortLabel hs20_NT
longLabel hs20_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs20_TK
bigDataUrl hs20_TK.bw
shortLabel hs20_TK
longLabel hs20_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs20_TL
bigDataUrl hs20_TL.bw
shortLabel hs20_TL
longLabel hs20_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

