track mm89_CF
bigDataUrl mm89_CF.bw
shortLabel mm89_CF
longLabel mm89_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm89_FB
bigDataUrl mm89_FB.bw
shortLabel mm89_FB
longLabel mm89_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm89_FL
bigDataUrl mm89_FL.bw
shortLabel mm89_FL
longLabel mm89_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm89_HB
bigDataUrl mm89_HB.bw
shortLabel mm89_HB
longLabel mm89_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm89_HL
bigDataUrl mm89_HL.bw
shortLabel mm89_HL
longLabel mm89_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm89_HR
bigDataUrl mm89_HR.bw
shortLabel mm89_HR
longLabel mm89_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm89_MB
bigDataUrl mm89_MB.bw
shortLabel mm89_MB
longLabel mm89_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm89_NT
bigDataUrl mm89_NT.bw
shortLabel mm89_NT
longLabel mm89_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm89_TK
bigDataUrl mm89_TK.bw
shortLabel mm89_TK
longLabel mm89_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm89_TL
bigDataUrl mm89_TL.bw
shortLabel mm89_TL
longLabel mm89_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

