track mm45_CF
bigDataUrl mm45_CF.bw
shortLabel mm45_CF
longLabel mm45_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm45_FB
bigDataUrl mm45_FB.bw
shortLabel mm45_FB
longLabel mm45_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm45_FL
bigDataUrl mm45_FL.bw
shortLabel mm45_FL
longLabel mm45_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm45_HB
bigDataUrl mm45_HB.bw
shortLabel mm45_HB
longLabel mm45_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm45_HL
bigDataUrl mm45_HL.bw
shortLabel mm45_HL
longLabel mm45_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm45_HR
bigDataUrl mm45_HR.bw
shortLabel mm45_HR
longLabel mm45_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm45_MB
bigDataUrl mm45_MB.bw
shortLabel mm45_MB
longLabel mm45_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm45_NT
bigDataUrl mm45_NT.bw
shortLabel mm45_NT
longLabel mm45_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm45_TK
bigDataUrl mm45_TK.bw
shortLabel mm45_TK
longLabel mm45_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm45_TL
bigDataUrl mm45_TL.bw
shortLabel mm45_TL
longLabel mm45_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

