track mm56_CF
bigDataUrl mm56_CF.bw
shortLabel mm56_CF
longLabel mm56_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm56_FB
bigDataUrl mm56_FB.bw
shortLabel mm56_FB
longLabel mm56_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm56_FL
bigDataUrl mm56_FL.bw
shortLabel mm56_FL
longLabel mm56_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm56_HB
bigDataUrl mm56_HB.bw
shortLabel mm56_HB
longLabel mm56_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm56_HL
bigDataUrl mm56_HL.bw
shortLabel mm56_HL
longLabel mm56_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm56_HR
bigDataUrl mm56_HR.bw
shortLabel mm56_HR
longLabel mm56_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm56_MB
bigDataUrl mm56_MB.bw
shortLabel mm56_MB
longLabel mm56_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm56_NT
bigDataUrl mm56_NT.bw
shortLabel mm56_NT
longLabel mm56_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm56_TK
bigDataUrl mm56_TK.bw
shortLabel mm56_TK
longLabel mm56_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm56_TL
bigDataUrl mm56_TL.bw
shortLabel mm56_TL
longLabel mm56_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

