track ZRS_CF
bigDataUrl ZRS_CF.bw
shortLabel ZRS_CF
longLabel ZRS_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track ZRS_FB
bigDataUrl ZRS_FB.bw
shortLabel ZRS_FB
longLabel ZRS_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track ZRS_FL
bigDataUrl ZRS_FL.bw
shortLabel ZRS_FL
longLabel ZRS_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track ZRS_HB
bigDataUrl ZRS_HB.bw
shortLabel ZRS_HB
longLabel ZRS_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track ZRS_HL
bigDataUrl ZRS_HL.bw
shortLabel ZRS_HL
longLabel ZRS_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track ZRS_HR
bigDataUrl ZRS_HR.bw
shortLabel ZRS_HR
longLabel ZRS_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track ZRS_MB
bigDataUrl ZRS_MB.bw
shortLabel ZRS_MB
longLabel ZRS_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track ZRS_NT
bigDataUrl ZRS_NT.bw
shortLabel ZRS_NT
longLabel ZRS_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track ZRS_TK
bigDataUrl ZRS_TK.bw
shortLabel ZRS_TK
longLabel ZRS_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track ZRS_TL
bigDataUrl ZRS_TL.bw
shortLabel ZRS_TL
longLabel ZRS_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

