track mm84_CF
bigDataUrl mm84_CF.bw
shortLabel mm84_CF
longLabel mm84_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm84_FB
bigDataUrl mm84_FB.bw
shortLabel mm84_FB
longLabel mm84_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm84_FL
bigDataUrl mm84_FL.bw
shortLabel mm84_FL
longLabel mm84_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm84_HB
bigDataUrl mm84_HB.bw
shortLabel mm84_HB
longLabel mm84_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm84_HL
bigDataUrl mm84_HL.bw
shortLabel mm84_HL
longLabel mm84_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm84_HR
bigDataUrl mm84_HR.bw
shortLabel mm84_HR
longLabel mm84_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm84_MB
bigDataUrl mm84_MB.bw
shortLabel mm84_MB
longLabel mm84_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm84_NT
bigDataUrl mm84_NT.bw
shortLabel mm84_NT
longLabel mm84_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm84_TK
bigDataUrl mm84_TK.bw
shortLabel mm84_TK
longLabel mm84_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm84_TL
bigDataUrl mm84_TL.bw
shortLabel mm84_TL
longLabel mm84_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

