track hs51_CF
bigDataUrl hs51_CF.bw
shortLabel hs51_CF
longLabel hs51_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs51_FB
bigDataUrl hs51_FB.bw
shortLabel hs51_FB
longLabel hs51_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs51_FL
bigDataUrl hs51_FL.bw
shortLabel hs51_FL
longLabel hs51_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs51_HB
bigDataUrl hs51_HB.bw
shortLabel hs51_HB
longLabel hs51_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs51_HL
bigDataUrl hs51_HL.bw
shortLabel hs51_HL
longLabel hs51_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs51_HR
bigDataUrl hs51_HR.bw
shortLabel hs51_HR
longLabel hs51_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs51_MB
bigDataUrl hs51_MB.bw
shortLabel hs51_MB
longLabel hs51_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs51_NT
bigDataUrl hs51_NT.bw
shortLabel hs51_NT
longLabel hs51_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs51_TK
bigDataUrl hs51_TK.bw
shortLabel hs51_TK
longLabel hs51_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs51_TL
bigDataUrl hs51_TL.bw
shortLabel hs51_TL
longLabel hs51_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

