track mm16_CF
bigDataUrl mm16_CF.bw
shortLabel mm16_CF
longLabel mm16_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm16_FB
bigDataUrl mm16_FB.bw
shortLabel mm16_FB
longLabel mm16_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm16_FL
bigDataUrl mm16_FL.bw
shortLabel mm16_FL
longLabel mm16_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm16_HB
bigDataUrl mm16_HB.bw
shortLabel mm16_HB
longLabel mm16_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm16_HL
bigDataUrl mm16_HL.bw
shortLabel mm16_HL
longLabel mm16_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm16_HR
bigDataUrl mm16_HR.bw
shortLabel mm16_HR
longLabel mm16_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm16_MB
bigDataUrl mm16_MB.bw
shortLabel mm16_MB
longLabel mm16_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm16_NT
bigDataUrl mm16_NT.bw
shortLabel mm16_NT
longLabel mm16_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm16_TK
bigDataUrl mm16_TK.bw
shortLabel mm16_TK
longLabel mm16_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm16_TL
bigDataUrl mm16_TL.bw
shortLabel mm16_TL
longLabel mm16_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

