track hs76_CF
bigDataUrl hs76_CF.bw
shortLabel hs76_CF
longLabel hs76_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs76_FB
bigDataUrl hs76_FB.bw
shortLabel hs76_FB
longLabel hs76_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs76_FL
bigDataUrl hs76_FL.bw
shortLabel hs76_FL
longLabel hs76_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs76_HB
bigDataUrl hs76_HB.bw
shortLabel hs76_HB
longLabel hs76_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs76_HL
bigDataUrl hs76_HL.bw
shortLabel hs76_HL
longLabel hs76_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs76_HR
bigDataUrl hs76_HR.bw
shortLabel hs76_HR
longLabel hs76_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs76_MB
bigDataUrl hs76_MB.bw
shortLabel hs76_MB
longLabel hs76_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs76_NT
bigDataUrl hs76_NT.bw
shortLabel hs76_NT
longLabel hs76_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs76_TK
bigDataUrl hs76_TK.bw
shortLabel hs76_TK
longLabel hs76_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs76_TL
bigDataUrl hs76_TL.bw
shortLabel hs76_TL
longLabel hs76_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

