track mm80_CF
bigDataUrl mm80_CF.bw
shortLabel mm80_CF
longLabel mm80_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm80_FB
bigDataUrl mm80_FB.bw
shortLabel mm80_FB
longLabel mm80_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm80_FL
bigDataUrl mm80_FL.bw
shortLabel mm80_FL
longLabel mm80_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm80_HB
bigDataUrl mm80_HB.bw
shortLabel mm80_HB
longLabel mm80_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm80_HL
bigDataUrl mm80_HL.bw
shortLabel mm80_HL
longLabel mm80_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm80_HR
bigDataUrl mm80_HR.bw
shortLabel mm80_HR
longLabel mm80_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm80_MB
bigDataUrl mm80_MB.bw
shortLabel mm80_MB
longLabel mm80_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm80_NT
bigDataUrl mm80_NT.bw
shortLabel mm80_NT
longLabel mm80_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm80_TK
bigDataUrl mm80_TK.bw
shortLabel mm80_TK
longLabel mm80_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm80_TL
bigDataUrl mm80_TL.bw
shortLabel mm80_TL
longLabel mm80_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

