track hs4_CF
bigDataUrl hs4_CF.bw
shortLabel hs4_CF
longLabel hs4_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs4_FB
bigDataUrl hs4_FB.bw
shortLabel hs4_FB
longLabel hs4_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs4_FL
bigDataUrl hs4_FL.bw
shortLabel hs4_FL
longLabel hs4_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs4_HB
bigDataUrl hs4_HB.bw
shortLabel hs4_HB
longLabel hs4_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs4_HL
bigDataUrl hs4_HL.bw
shortLabel hs4_HL
longLabel hs4_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs4_HR
bigDataUrl hs4_HR.bw
shortLabel hs4_HR
longLabel hs4_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs4_MB
bigDataUrl hs4_MB.bw
shortLabel hs4_MB
longLabel hs4_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs4_NT
bigDataUrl hs4_NT.bw
shortLabel hs4_NT
longLabel hs4_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs4_TK
bigDataUrl hs4_TK.bw
shortLabel hs4_TK
longLabel hs4_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs4_TL
bigDataUrl hs4_TL.bw
shortLabel hs4_TL
longLabel hs4_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

