track mm41_CF
bigDataUrl mm41_CF.bw
shortLabel mm41_CF
longLabel mm41_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm41_FB
bigDataUrl mm41_FB.bw
shortLabel mm41_FB
longLabel mm41_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm41_FL
bigDataUrl mm41_FL.bw
shortLabel mm41_FL
longLabel mm41_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm41_HB
bigDataUrl mm41_HB.bw
shortLabel mm41_HB
longLabel mm41_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm41_HL
bigDataUrl mm41_HL.bw
shortLabel mm41_HL
longLabel mm41_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm41_HR
bigDataUrl mm41_HR.bw
shortLabel mm41_HR
longLabel mm41_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm41_MB
bigDataUrl mm41_MB.bw
shortLabel mm41_MB
longLabel mm41_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm41_NT
bigDataUrl mm41_NT.bw
shortLabel mm41_NT
longLabel mm41_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm41_TK
bigDataUrl mm41_TK.bw
shortLabel mm41_TK
longLabel mm41_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm41_TL
bigDataUrl mm41_TL.bw
shortLabel mm41_TL
longLabel mm41_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

