track hs22_CF
bigDataUrl hs22_CF.bw
shortLabel hs22_CF
longLabel hs22_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs22_FB
bigDataUrl hs22_FB.bw
shortLabel hs22_FB
longLabel hs22_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs22_FL
bigDataUrl hs22_FL.bw
shortLabel hs22_FL
longLabel hs22_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs22_HB
bigDataUrl hs22_HB.bw
shortLabel hs22_HB
longLabel hs22_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs22_HL
bigDataUrl hs22_HL.bw
shortLabel hs22_HL
longLabel hs22_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs22_HR
bigDataUrl hs22_HR.bw
shortLabel hs22_HR
longLabel hs22_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs22_MB
bigDataUrl hs22_MB.bw
shortLabel hs22_MB
longLabel hs22_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs22_NT
bigDataUrl hs22_NT.bw
shortLabel hs22_NT
longLabel hs22_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs22_TK
bigDataUrl hs22_TK.bw
shortLabel hs22_TK
longLabel hs22_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs22_TL
bigDataUrl hs22_TL.bw
shortLabel hs22_TL
longLabel hs22_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

