track hs74_CF
bigDataUrl hs74_CF.bw
shortLabel hs74_CF
longLabel hs74_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs74_FB
bigDataUrl hs74_FB.bw
shortLabel hs74_FB
longLabel hs74_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs74_FL
bigDataUrl hs74_FL.bw
shortLabel hs74_FL
longLabel hs74_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs74_HB
bigDataUrl hs74_HB.bw
shortLabel hs74_HB
longLabel hs74_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs74_HL
bigDataUrl hs74_HL.bw
shortLabel hs74_HL
longLabel hs74_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs74_HR
bigDataUrl hs74_HR.bw
shortLabel hs74_HR
longLabel hs74_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs74_MB
bigDataUrl hs74_MB.bw
shortLabel hs74_MB
longLabel hs74_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs74_NT
bigDataUrl hs74_NT.bw
shortLabel hs74_NT
longLabel hs74_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs74_TK
bigDataUrl hs74_TK.bw
shortLabel hs74_TK
longLabel hs74_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs74_TL
bigDataUrl hs74_TL.bw
shortLabel hs74_TL
longLabel hs74_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

