track mm7_CF
bigDataUrl mm7_CF.bw
shortLabel mm7_CF
longLabel mm7_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm7_FB
bigDataUrl mm7_FB.bw
shortLabel mm7_FB
longLabel mm7_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm7_FL
bigDataUrl mm7_FL.bw
shortLabel mm7_FL
longLabel mm7_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm7_HB
bigDataUrl mm7_HB.bw
shortLabel mm7_HB
longLabel mm7_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm7_HL
bigDataUrl mm7_HL.bw
shortLabel mm7_HL
longLabel mm7_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm7_HR
bigDataUrl mm7_HR.bw
shortLabel mm7_HR
longLabel mm7_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm7_MB
bigDataUrl mm7_MB.bw
shortLabel mm7_MB
longLabel mm7_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm7_NT
bigDataUrl mm7_NT.bw
shortLabel mm7_NT
longLabel mm7_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm7_TK
bigDataUrl mm7_TK.bw
shortLabel mm7_TK
longLabel mm7_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm7_TL
bigDataUrl mm7_TL.bw
shortLabel mm7_TL
longLabel mm7_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

