track mm48_CF
bigDataUrl mm48_CF.bw
shortLabel mm48_CF
longLabel mm48_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm48_FB
bigDataUrl mm48_FB.bw
shortLabel mm48_FB
longLabel mm48_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm48_FL
bigDataUrl mm48_FL.bw
shortLabel mm48_FL
longLabel mm48_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm48_HB
bigDataUrl mm48_HB.bw
shortLabel mm48_HB
longLabel mm48_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm48_HL
bigDataUrl mm48_HL.bw
shortLabel mm48_HL
longLabel mm48_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm48_HR
bigDataUrl mm48_HR.bw
shortLabel mm48_HR
longLabel mm48_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm48_MB
bigDataUrl mm48_MB.bw
shortLabel mm48_MB
longLabel mm48_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm48_NT
bigDataUrl mm48_NT.bw
shortLabel mm48_NT
longLabel mm48_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm48_TK
bigDataUrl mm48_TK.bw
shortLabel mm48_TK
longLabel mm48_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm48_TL
bigDataUrl mm48_TL.bw
shortLabel mm48_TL
longLabel mm48_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

