track hs23_CF
bigDataUrl hs23_CF.bw
shortLabel hs23_CF
longLabel hs23_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs23_FB
bigDataUrl hs23_FB.bw
shortLabel hs23_FB
longLabel hs23_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs23_FL
bigDataUrl hs23_FL.bw
shortLabel hs23_FL
longLabel hs23_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs23_HB
bigDataUrl hs23_HB.bw
shortLabel hs23_HB
longLabel hs23_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs23_HL
bigDataUrl hs23_HL.bw
shortLabel hs23_HL
longLabel hs23_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs23_HR
bigDataUrl hs23_HR.bw
shortLabel hs23_HR
longLabel hs23_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs23_MB
bigDataUrl hs23_MB.bw
shortLabel hs23_MB
longLabel hs23_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs23_NT
bigDataUrl hs23_NT.bw
shortLabel hs23_NT
longLabel hs23_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs23_TK
bigDataUrl hs23_TK.bw
shortLabel hs23_TK
longLabel hs23_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs23_TL
bigDataUrl hs23_TL.bw
shortLabel hs23_TL
longLabel hs23_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

