track hs79_CF
bigDataUrl hs79_CF.bw
shortLabel hs79_CF
longLabel hs79_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs79_FB
bigDataUrl hs79_FB.bw
shortLabel hs79_FB
longLabel hs79_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs79_FL
bigDataUrl hs79_FL.bw
shortLabel hs79_FL
longLabel hs79_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs79_HB
bigDataUrl hs79_HB.bw
shortLabel hs79_HB
longLabel hs79_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs79_HL
bigDataUrl hs79_HL.bw
shortLabel hs79_HL
longLabel hs79_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs79_HR
bigDataUrl hs79_HR.bw
shortLabel hs79_HR
longLabel hs79_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs79_MB
bigDataUrl hs79_MB.bw
shortLabel hs79_MB
longLabel hs79_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs79_NT
bigDataUrl hs79_NT.bw
shortLabel hs79_NT
longLabel hs79_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs79_TK
bigDataUrl hs79_TK.bw
shortLabel hs79_TK
longLabel hs79_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs79_TL
bigDataUrl hs79_TL.bw
shortLabel hs79_TL
longLabel hs79_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

