track mm73_CF
bigDataUrl mm73_CF.bw
shortLabel mm73_CF
longLabel mm73_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm73_FB
bigDataUrl mm73_FB.bw
shortLabel mm73_FB
longLabel mm73_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm73_FL
bigDataUrl mm73_FL.bw
shortLabel mm73_FL
longLabel mm73_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm73_HB
bigDataUrl mm73_HB.bw
shortLabel mm73_HB
longLabel mm73_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm73_HL
bigDataUrl mm73_HL.bw
shortLabel mm73_HL
longLabel mm73_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm73_HR
bigDataUrl mm73_HR.bw
shortLabel mm73_HR
longLabel mm73_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm73_MB
bigDataUrl mm73_MB.bw
shortLabel mm73_MB
longLabel mm73_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm73_NT
bigDataUrl mm73_NT.bw
shortLabel mm73_NT
longLabel mm73_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm73_TK
bigDataUrl mm73_TK.bw
shortLabel mm73_TK
longLabel mm73_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm73_TL
bigDataUrl mm73_TL.bw
shortLabel mm73_TL
longLabel mm73_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

