track mm64_CF
bigDataUrl mm64_CF.bw
shortLabel mm64_CF
longLabel mm64_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm64_FB
bigDataUrl mm64_FB.bw
shortLabel mm64_FB
longLabel mm64_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm64_FL
bigDataUrl mm64_FL.bw
shortLabel mm64_FL
longLabel mm64_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm64_HB
bigDataUrl mm64_HB.bw
shortLabel mm64_HB
longLabel mm64_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm64_HL
bigDataUrl mm64_HL.bw
shortLabel mm64_HL
longLabel mm64_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm64_HR
bigDataUrl mm64_HR.bw
shortLabel mm64_HR
longLabel mm64_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm64_MB
bigDataUrl mm64_MB.bw
shortLabel mm64_MB
longLabel mm64_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm64_NT
bigDataUrl mm64_NT.bw
shortLabel mm64_NT
longLabel mm64_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm64_TK
bigDataUrl mm64_TK.bw
shortLabel mm64_TK
longLabel mm64_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm64_TL
bigDataUrl mm64_TL.bw
shortLabel mm64_TL
longLabel mm64_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

