track mm90_CF
bigDataUrl mm90_CF.bw
shortLabel mm90_CF
longLabel mm90_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm90_FB
bigDataUrl mm90_FB.bw
shortLabel mm90_FB
longLabel mm90_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm90_FL
bigDataUrl mm90_FL.bw
shortLabel mm90_FL
longLabel mm90_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm90_HB
bigDataUrl mm90_HB.bw
shortLabel mm90_HB
longLabel mm90_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm90_HL
bigDataUrl mm90_HL.bw
shortLabel mm90_HL
longLabel mm90_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm90_HR
bigDataUrl mm90_HR.bw
shortLabel mm90_HR
longLabel mm90_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm90_MB
bigDataUrl mm90_MB.bw
shortLabel mm90_MB
longLabel mm90_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm90_NT
bigDataUrl mm90_NT.bw
shortLabel mm90_NT
longLabel mm90_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm90_TK
bigDataUrl mm90_TK.bw
shortLabel mm90_TK
longLabel mm90_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm90_TL
bigDataUrl mm90_TL.bw
shortLabel mm90_TL
longLabel mm90_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

