track mm39_CF
bigDataUrl mm39_CF.bw
shortLabel mm39_CF
longLabel mm39_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm39_FB
bigDataUrl mm39_FB.bw
shortLabel mm39_FB
longLabel mm39_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm39_FL
bigDataUrl mm39_FL.bw
shortLabel mm39_FL
longLabel mm39_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm39_HB
bigDataUrl mm39_HB.bw
shortLabel mm39_HB
longLabel mm39_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm39_HL
bigDataUrl mm39_HL.bw
shortLabel mm39_HL
longLabel mm39_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm39_HR
bigDataUrl mm39_HR.bw
shortLabel mm39_HR
longLabel mm39_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm39_MB
bigDataUrl mm39_MB.bw
shortLabel mm39_MB
longLabel mm39_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm39_NT
bigDataUrl mm39_NT.bw
shortLabel mm39_NT
longLabel mm39_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm39_TK
bigDataUrl mm39_TK.bw
shortLabel mm39_TK
longLabel mm39_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm39_TL
bigDataUrl mm39_TL.bw
shortLabel mm39_TL
longLabel mm39_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

