track mm28_CF
bigDataUrl mm28_CF.bw
shortLabel mm28_CF
longLabel mm28_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm28_FB
bigDataUrl mm28_FB.bw
shortLabel mm28_FB
longLabel mm28_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm28_FL
bigDataUrl mm28_FL.bw
shortLabel mm28_FL
longLabel mm28_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm28_HB
bigDataUrl mm28_HB.bw
shortLabel mm28_HB
longLabel mm28_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm28_HL
bigDataUrl mm28_HL.bw
shortLabel mm28_HL
longLabel mm28_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm28_HR
bigDataUrl mm28_HR.bw
shortLabel mm28_HR
longLabel mm28_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm28_MB
bigDataUrl mm28_MB.bw
shortLabel mm28_MB
longLabel mm28_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm28_NT
bigDataUrl mm28_NT.bw
shortLabel mm28_NT
longLabel mm28_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm28_TK
bigDataUrl mm28_TK.bw
shortLabel mm28_TK
longLabel mm28_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm28_TL
bigDataUrl mm28_TL.bw
shortLabel mm28_TL
longLabel mm28_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

