track hs59_CF
bigDataUrl hs59_CF.bw
shortLabel hs59_CF
longLabel hs59_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs59_FB
bigDataUrl hs59_FB.bw
shortLabel hs59_FB
longLabel hs59_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs59_FL
bigDataUrl hs59_FL.bw
shortLabel hs59_FL
longLabel hs59_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs59_HB
bigDataUrl hs59_HB.bw
shortLabel hs59_HB
longLabel hs59_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs59_HL
bigDataUrl hs59_HL.bw
shortLabel hs59_HL
longLabel hs59_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs59_HR
bigDataUrl hs59_HR.bw
shortLabel hs59_HR
longLabel hs59_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs59_MB
bigDataUrl hs59_MB.bw
shortLabel hs59_MB
longLabel hs59_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs59_NT
bigDataUrl hs59_NT.bw
shortLabel hs59_NT
longLabel hs59_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs59_TK
bigDataUrl hs59_TK.bw
shortLabel hs59_TK
longLabel hs59_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs59_TL
bigDataUrl hs59_TL.bw
shortLabel hs59_TL
longLabel hs59_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

