track mm69_CF
bigDataUrl mm69_CF.bw
shortLabel mm69_CF
longLabel mm69_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm69_FB
bigDataUrl mm69_FB.bw
shortLabel mm69_FB
longLabel mm69_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm69_FL
bigDataUrl mm69_FL.bw
shortLabel mm69_FL
longLabel mm69_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm69_HB
bigDataUrl mm69_HB.bw
shortLabel mm69_HB
longLabel mm69_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm69_HL
bigDataUrl mm69_HL.bw
shortLabel mm69_HL
longLabel mm69_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm69_HR
bigDataUrl mm69_HR.bw
shortLabel mm69_HR
longLabel mm69_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm69_MB
bigDataUrl mm69_MB.bw
shortLabel mm69_MB
longLabel mm69_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm69_NT
bigDataUrl mm69_NT.bw
shortLabel mm69_NT
longLabel mm69_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm69_TK
bigDataUrl mm69_TK.bw
shortLabel mm69_TK
longLabel mm69_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm69_TL
bigDataUrl mm69_TL.bw
shortLabel mm69_TL
longLabel mm69_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

