track hs1_CF
bigDataUrl hs1_CF.bw
shortLabel hs1_CF
longLabel hs1_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs1_FB
bigDataUrl hs1_FB.bw
shortLabel hs1_FB
longLabel hs1_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs1_FL
bigDataUrl hs1_FL.bw
shortLabel hs1_FL
longLabel hs1_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs1_HB
bigDataUrl hs1_HB.bw
shortLabel hs1_HB
longLabel hs1_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs1_HL
bigDataUrl hs1_HL.bw
shortLabel hs1_HL
longLabel hs1_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs1_HR
bigDataUrl hs1_HR.bw
shortLabel hs1_HR
longLabel hs1_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs1_MB
bigDataUrl hs1_MB.bw
shortLabel hs1_MB
longLabel hs1_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs1_NT
bigDataUrl hs1_NT.bw
shortLabel hs1_NT
longLabel hs1_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs1_TK
bigDataUrl hs1_TK.bw
shortLabel hs1_TK
longLabel hs1_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs1_TL
bigDataUrl hs1_TL.bw
shortLabel hs1_TL
longLabel hs1_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

