track mm36_CF
bigDataUrl mm36_CF.bw
shortLabel mm36_CF
longLabel mm36_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm36_FB
bigDataUrl mm36_FB.bw
shortLabel mm36_FB
longLabel mm36_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm36_FL
bigDataUrl mm36_FL.bw
shortLabel mm36_FL
longLabel mm36_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm36_HB
bigDataUrl mm36_HB.bw
shortLabel mm36_HB
longLabel mm36_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm36_HL
bigDataUrl mm36_HL.bw
shortLabel mm36_HL
longLabel mm36_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm36_HR
bigDataUrl mm36_HR.bw
shortLabel mm36_HR
longLabel mm36_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm36_MB
bigDataUrl mm36_MB.bw
shortLabel mm36_MB
longLabel mm36_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm36_NT
bigDataUrl mm36_NT.bw
shortLabel mm36_NT
longLabel mm36_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm36_TK
bigDataUrl mm36_TK.bw
shortLabel mm36_TK
longLabel mm36_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm36_TL
bigDataUrl mm36_TL.bw
shortLabel mm36_TL
longLabel mm36_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

