track mm86_CF
bigDataUrl mm86_CF.bw
shortLabel mm86_CF
longLabel mm86_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm86_FB
bigDataUrl mm86_FB.bw
shortLabel mm86_FB
longLabel mm86_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm86_FL
bigDataUrl mm86_FL.bw
shortLabel mm86_FL
longLabel mm86_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm86_HB
bigDataUrl mm86_HB.bw
shortLabel mm86_HB
longLabel mm86_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm86_HL
bigDataUrl mm86_HL.bw
shortLabel mm86_HL
longLabel mm86_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm86_HR
bigDataUrl mm86_HR.bw
shortLabel mm86_HR
longLabel mm86_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm86_MB
bigDataUrl mm86_MB.bw
shortLabel mm86_MB
longLabel mm86_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm86_NT
bigDataUrl mm86_NT.bw
shortLabel mm86_NT
longLabel mm86_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm86_TK
bigDataUrl mm86_TK.bw
shortLabel mm86_TK
longLabel mm86_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm86_TL
bigDataUrl mm86_TL.bw
shortLabel mm86_TL
longLabel mm86_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

