track hs85_CF
bigDataUrl hs85_CF.bw
shortLabel hs85_CF
longLabel hs85_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs85_FB
bigDataUrl hs85_FB.bw
shortLabel hs85_FB
longLabel hs85_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs85_FL
bigDataUrl hs85_FL.bw
shortLabel hs85_FL
longLabel hs85_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs85_HB
bigDataUrl hs85_HB.bw
shortLabel hs85_HB
longLabel hs85_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs85_HL
bigDataUrl hs85_HL.bw
shortLabel hs85_HL
longLabel hs85_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs85_HR
bigDataUrl hs85_HR.bw
shortLabel hs85_HR
longLabel hs85_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs85_MB
bigDataUrl hs85_MB.bw
shortLabel hs85_MB
longLabel hs85_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs85_NT
bigDataUrl hs85_NT.bw
shortLabel hs85_NT
longLabel hs85_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs85_TK
bigDataUrl hs85_TK.bw
shortLabel hs85_TK
longLabel hs85_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs85_TL
bigDataUrl hs85_TL.bw
shortLabel hs85_TL
longLabel hs85_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

