track mm17_CF
bigDataUrl mm17_CF.bw
shortLabel mm17_CF
longLabel mm17_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm17_FB
bigDataUrl mm17_FB.bw
shortLabel mm17_FB
longLabel mm17_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm17_FL
bigDataUrl mm17_FL.bw
shortLabel mm17_FL
longLabel mm17_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm17_HB
bigDataUrl mm17_HB.bw
shortLabel mm17_HB
longLabel mm17_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm17_HL
bigDataUrl mm17_HL.bw
shortLabel mm17_HL
longLabel mm17_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm17_HR
bigDataUrl mm17_HR.bw
shortLabel mm17_HR
longLabel mm17_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm17_MB
bigDataUrl mm17_MB.bw
shortLabel mm17_MB
longLabel mm17_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm17_NT
bigDataUrl mm17_NT.bw
shortLabel mm17_NT
longLabel mm17_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm17_TK
bigDataUrl mm17_TK.bw
shortLabel mm17_TK
longLabel mm17_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm17_TL
bigDataUrl mm17_TL.bw
shortLabel mm17_TL
longLabel mm17_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

