track mm21_CF
bigDataUrl mm21_CF.bw
shortLabel mm21_CF
longLabel mm21_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm21_FB
bigDataUrl mm21_FB.bw
shortLabel mm21_FB
longLabel mm21_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm21_FL
bigDataUrl mm21_FL.bw
shortLabel mm21_FL
longLabel mm21_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm21_HB
bigDataUrl mm21_HB.bw
shortLabel mm21_HB
longLabel mm21_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm21_HL
bigDataUrl mm21_HL.bw
shortLabel mm21_HL
longLabel mm21_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm21_HR
bigDataUrl mm21_HR.bw
shortLabel mm21_HR
longLabel mm21_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm21_MB
bigDataUrl mm21_MB.bw
shortLabel mm21_MB
longLabel mm21_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm21_NT
bigDataUrl mm21_NT.bw
shortLabel mm21_NT
longLabel mm21_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm21_TK
bigDataUrl mm21_TK.bw
shortLabel mm21_TK
longLabel mm21_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm21_TL
bigDataUrl mm21_TL.bw
shortLabel mm21_TL
longLabel mm21_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

