track mm71_CF
bigDataUrl mm71_CF.bw
shortLabel mm71_CF
longLabel mm71_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm71_FB
bigDataUrl mm71_FB.bw
shortLabel mm71_FB
longLabel mm71_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm71_FL
bigDataUrl mm71_FL.bw
shortLabel mm71_FL
longLabel mm71_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm71_HB
bigDataUrl mm71_HB.bw
shortLabel mm71_HB
longLabel mm71_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm71_HL
bigDataUrl mm71_HL.bw
shortLabel mm71_HL
longLabel mm71_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm71_HR
bigDataUrl mm71_HR.bw
shortLabel mm71_HR
longLabel mm71_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm71_MB
bigDataUrl mm71_MB.bw
shortLabel mm71_MB
longLabel mm71_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm71_NT
bigDataUrl mm71_NT.bw
shortLabel mm71_NT
longLabel mm71_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm71_TK
bigDataUrl mm71_TK.bw
shortLabel mm71_TK
longLabel mm71_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm71_TL
bigDataUrl mm71_TL.bw
shortLabel mm71_TL
longLabel mm71_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

