track hs52_CF
bigDataUrl hs52_CF.bw
shortLabel hs52_CF
longLabel hs52_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs52_FB
bigDataUrl hs52_FB.bw
shortLabel hs52_FB
longLabel hs52_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs52_FL
bigDataUrl hs52_FL.bw
shortLabel hs52_FL
longLabel hs52_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs52_HB
bigDataUrl hs52_HB.bw
shortLabel hs52_HB
longLabel hs52_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs52_HL
bigDataUrl hs52_HL.bw
shortLabel hs52_HL
longLabel hs52_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs52_HR
bigDataUrl hs52_HR.bw
shortLabel hs52_HR
longLabel hs52_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs52_MB
bigDataUrl hs52_MB.bw
shortLabel hs52_MB
longLabel hs52_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs52_NT
bigDataUrl hs52_NT.bw
shortLabel hs52_NT
longLabel hs52_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs52_TK
bigDataUrl hs52_TK.bw
shortLabel hs52_TK
longLabel hs52_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs52_TL
bigDataUrl hs52_TL.bw
shortLabel hs52_TL
longLabel hs52_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

