track hs72_CF
bigDataUrl hs72_CF.bw
shortLabel hs72_CF
longLabel hs72_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs72_FB
bigDataUrl hs72_FB.bw
shortLabel hs72_FB
longLabel hs72_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs72_FL
bigDataUrl hs72_FL.bw
shortLabel hs72_FL
longLabel hs72_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs72_HB
bigDataUrl hs72_HB.bw
shortLabel hs72_HB
longLabel hs72_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs72_HL
bigDataUrl hs72_HL.bw
shortLabel hs72_HL
longLabel hs72_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs72_HR
bigDataUrl hs72_HR.bw
shortLabel hs72_HR
longLabel hs72_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs72_MB
bigDataUrl hs72_MB.bw
shortLabel hs72_MB
longLabel hs72_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs72_NT
bigDataUrl hs72_NT.bw
shortLabel hs72_NT
longLabel hs72_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs72_TK
bigDataUrl hs72_TK.bw
shortLabel hs72_TK
longLabel hs72_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs72_TL
bigDataUrl hs72_TL.bw
shortLabel hs72_TL
longLabel hs72_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

