track mm85_CF
bigDataUrl mm85_CF.bw
shortLabel mm85_CF
longLabel mm85_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm85_FB
bigDataUrl mm85_FB.bw
shortLabel mm85_FB
longLabel mm85_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm85_FL
bigDataUrl mm85_FL.bw
shortLabel mm85_FL
longLabel mm85_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm85_HB
bigDataUrl mm85_HB.bw
shortLabel mm85_HB
longLabel mm85_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm85_HL
bigDataUrl mm85_HL.bw
shortLabel mm85_HL
longLabel mm85_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm85_HR
bigDataUrl mm85_HR.bw
shortLabel mm85_HR
longLabel mm85_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm85_MB
bigDataUrl mm85_MB.bw
shortLabel mm85_MB
longLabel mm85_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm85_NT
bigDataUrl mm85_NT.bw
shortLabel mm85_NT
longLabel mm85_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm85_TK
bigDataUrl mm85_TK.bw
shortLabel mm85_TK
longLabel mm85_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm85_TL
bigDataUrl mm85_TL.bw
shortLabel mm85_TL
longLabel mm85_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

