track mm27_CF
bigDataUrl mm27_CF.bw
shortLabel mm27_CF
longLabel mm27_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm27_FB
bigDataUrl mm27_FB.bw
shortLabel mm27_FB
longLabel mm27_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm27_FL
bigDataUrl mm27_FL.bw
shortLabel mm27_FL
longLabel mm27_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm27_HB
bigDataUrl mm27_HB.bw
shortLabel mm27_HB
longLabel mm27_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm27_HL
bigDataUrl mm27_HL.bw
shortLabel mm27_HL
longLabel mm27_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm27_HR
bigDataUrl mm27_HR.bw
shortLabel mm27_HR
longLabel mm27_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm27_MB
bigDataUrl mm27_MB.bw
shortLabel mm27_MB
longLabel mm27_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm27_NT
bigDataUrl mm27_NT.bw
shortLabel mm27_NT
longLabel mm27_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm27_TK
bigDataUrl mm27_TK.bw
shortLabel mm27_TK
longLabel mm27_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm27_TL
bigDataUrl mm27_TL.bw
shortLabel mm27_TL
longLabel mm27_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

