track mm60_CF
bigDataUrl mm60_CF.bw
shortLabel mm60_CF
longLabel mm60_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm60_FB
bigDataUrl mm60_FB.bw
shortLabel mm60_FB
longLabel mm60_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm60_FL
bigDataUrl mm60_FL.bw
shortLabel mm60_FL
longLabel mm60_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm60_HB
bigDataUrl mm60_HB.bw
shortLabel mm60_HB
longLabel mm60_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm60_HL
bigDataUrl mm60_HL.bw
shortLabel mm60_HL
longLabel mm60_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm60_HR
bigDataUrl mm60_HR.bw
shortLabel mm60_HR
longLabel mm60_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm60_MB
bigDataUrl mm60_MB.bw
shortLabel mm60_MB
longLabel mm60_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm60_NT
bigDataUrl mm60_NT.bw
shortLabel mm60_NT
longLabel mm60_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm60_TK
bigDataUrl mm60_TK.bw
shortLabel mm60_TK
longLabel mm60_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm60_TL
bigDataUrl mm60_TL.bw
shortLabel mm60_TL
longLabel mm60_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

