track hs26_CF
bigDataUrl hs26_CF.bw
shortLabel hs26_CF
longLabel hs26_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs26_FB
bigDataUrl hs26_FB.bw
shortLabel hs26_FB
longLabel hs26_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs26_FL
bigDataUrl hs26_FL.bw
shortLabel hs26_FL
longLabel hs26_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs26_HB
bigDataUrl hs26_HB.bw
shortLabel hs26_HB
longLabel hs26_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs26_HL
bigDataUrl hs26_HL.bw
shortLabel hs26_HL
longLabel hs26_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs26_HR
bigDataUrl hs26_HR.bw
shortLabel hs26_HR
longLabel hs26_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs26_MB
bigDataUrl hs26_MB.bw
shortLabel hs26_MB
longLabel hs26_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs26_NT
bigDataUrl hs26_NT.bw
shortLabel hs26_NT
longLabel hs26_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs26_TK
bigDataUrl hs26_TK.bw
shortLabel hs26_TK
longLabel hs26_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs26_TL
bigDataUrl hs26_TL.bw
shortLabel hs26_TL
longLabel hs26_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

