track mm82_CF
bigDataUrl mm82_CF.bw
shortLabel mm82_CF
longLabel mm82_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm82_FB
bigDataUrl mm82_FB.bw
shortLabel mm82_FB
longLabel mm82_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm82_FL
bigDataUrl mm82_FL.bw
shortLabel mm82_FL
longLabel mm82_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm82_HB
bigDataUrl mm82_HB.bw
shortLabel mm82_HB
longLabel mm82_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm82_HL
bigDataUrl mm82_HL.bw
shortLabel mm82_HL
longLabel mm82_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm82_HR
bigDataUrl mm82_HR.bw
shortLabel mm82_HR
longLabel mm82_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm82_MB
bigDataUrl mm82_MB.bw
shortLabel mm82_MB
longLabel mm82_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm82_NT
bigDataUrl mm82_NT.bw
shortLabel mm82_NT
longLabel mm82_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm82_TK
bigDataUrl mm82_TK.bw
shortLabel mm82_TK
longLabel mm82_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm82_TL
bigDataUrl mm82_TL.bw
shortLabel mm82_TL
longLabel mm82_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

