track mm29_CF
bigDataUrl mm29_CF.bw
shortLabel mm29_CF
longLabel mm29_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm29_FB
bigDataUrl mm29_FB.bw
shortLabel mm29_FB
longLabel mm29_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm29_FL
bigDataUrl mm29_FL.bw
shortLabel mm29_FL
longLabel mm29_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm29_HB
bigDataUrl mm29_HB.bw
shortLabel mm29_HB
longLabel mm29_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm29_HL
bigDataUrl mm29_HL.bw
shortLabel mm29_HL
longLabel mm29_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm29_HR
bigDataUrl mm29_HR.bw
shortLabel mm29_HR
longLabel mm29_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm29_MB
bigDataUrl mm29_MB.bw
shortLabel mm29_MB
longLabel mm29_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm29_NT
bigDataUrl mm29_NT.bw
shortLabel mm29_NT
longLabel mm29_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm29_TK
bigDataUrl mm29_TK.bw
shortLabel mm29_TK
longLabel mm29_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm29_TL
bigDataUrl mm29_TL.bw
shortLabel mm29_TL
longLabel mm29_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

