track HLEB_CF
bigDataUrl HLEB_CF.bw
shortLabel HLEB_CF
longLabel HLEB_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEB_FB
bigDataUrl HLEB_FB.bw
shortLabel HLEB_FB
longLabel HLEB_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEB_FL
bigDataUrl HLEB_FL.bw
shortLabel HLEB_FL
longLabel HLEB_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEB_HB
bigDataUrl HLEB_HB.bw
shortLabel HLEB_HB
longLabel HLEB_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEB_HL
bigDataUrl HLEB_HL.bw
shortLabel HLEB_HL
longLabel HLEB_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEB_HR
bigDataUrl HLEB_HR.bw
shortLabel HLEB_HR
longLabel HLEB_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEB_MB
bigDataUrl HLEB_MB.bw
shortLabel HLEB_MB
longLabel HLEB_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEB_NT
bigDataUrl HLEB_NT.bw
shortLabel HLEB_NT
longLabel HLEB_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEB_TK
bigDataUrl HLEB_TK.bw
shortLabel HLEB_TK
longLabel HLEB_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEB_TL
bigDataUrl HLEB_TL.bw
shortLabel HLEB_TL
longLabel HLEB_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

