track mm79_CF
bigDataUrl mm79_CF.bw
shortLabel mm79_CF
longLabel mm79_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm79_FB
bigDataUrl mm79_FB.bw
shortLabel mm79_FB
longLabel mm79_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm79_FL
bigDataUrl mm79_FL.bw
shortLabel mm79_FL
longLabel mm79_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm79_HB
bigDataUrl mm79_HB.bw
shortLabel mm79_HB
longLabel mm79_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm79_HL
bigDataUrl mm79_HL.bw
shortLabel mm79_HL
longLabel mm79_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm79_HR
bigDataUrl mm79_HR.bw
shortLabel mm79_HR
longLabel mm79_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm79_MB
bigDataUrl mm79_MB.bw
shortLabel mm79_MB
longLabel mm79_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm79_NT
bigDataUrl mm79_NT.bw
shortLabel mm79_NT
longLabel mm79_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm79_TK
bigDataUrl mm79_TK.bw
shortLabel mm79_TK
longLabel mm79_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm79_TL
bigDataUrl mm79_TL.bw
shortLabel mm79_TL
longLabel mm79_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

