track mm70_CF
bigDataUrl mm70_CF.bw
shortLabel mm70_CF
longLabel mm70_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm70_FB
bigDataUrl mm70_FB.bw
shortLabel mm70_FB
longLabel mm70_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm70_FL
bigDataUrl mm70_FL.bw
shortLabel mm70_FL
longLabel mm70_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm70_HB
bigDataUrl mm70_HB.bw
shortLabel mm70_HB
longLabel mm70_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm70_HL
bigDataUrl mm70_HL.bw
shortLabel mm70_HL
longLabel mm70_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm70_HR
bigDataUrl mm70_HR.bw
shortLabel mm70_HR
longLabel mm70_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm70_MB
bigDataUrl mm70_MB.bw
shortLabel mm70_MB
longLabel mm70_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm70_NT
bigDataUrl mm70_NT.bw
shortLabel mm70_NT
longLabel mm70_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm70_TK
bigDataUrl mm70_TK.bw
shortLabel mm70_TK
longLabel mm70_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm70_TL
bigDataUrl mm70_TL.bw
shortLabel mm70_TL
longLabel mm70_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

