track mm30_CF
bigDataUrl mm30_CF.bw
shortLabel mm30_CF
longLabel mm30_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm30_FB
bigDataUrl mm30_FB.bw
shortLabel mm30_FB
longLabel mm30_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm30_FL
bigDataUrl mm30_FL.bw
shortLabel mm30_FL
longLabel mm30_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm30_HB
bigDataUrl mm30_HB.bw
shortLabel mm30_HB
longLabel mm30_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm30_HL
bigDataUrl mm30_HL.bw
shortLabel mm30_HL
longLabel mm30_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm30_HR
bigDataUrl mm30_HR.bw
shortLabel mm30_HR
longLabel mm30_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm30_MB
bigDataUrl mm30_MB.bw
shortLabel mm30_MB
longLabel mm30_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm30_NT
bigDataUrl mm30_NT.bw
shortLabel mm30_NT
longLabel mm30_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm30_TK
bigDataUrl mm30_TK.bw
shortLabel mm30_TK
longLabel mm30_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm30_TL
bigDataUrl mm30_TL.bw
shortLabel mm30_TL
longLabel mm30_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

