track mm49_CF
bigDataUrl mm49_CF.bw
shortLabel mm49_CF
longLabel mm49_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm49_FB
bigDataUrl mm49_FB.bw
shortLabel mm49_FB
longLabel mm49_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm49_FL
bigDataUrl mm49_FL.bw
shortLabel mm49_FL
longLabel mm49_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm49_HB
bigDataUrl mm49_HB.bw
shortLabel mm49_HB
longLabel mm49_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm49_HL
bigDataUrl mm49_HL.bw
shortLabel mm49_HL
longLabel mm49_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm49_HR
bigDataUrl mm49_HR.bw
shortLabel mm49_HR
longLabel mm49_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm49_MB
bigDataUrl mm49_MB.bw
shortLabel mm49_MB
longLabel mm49_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm49_NT
bigDataUrl mm49_NT.bw
shortLabel mm49_NT
longLabel mm49_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm49_TK
bigDataUrl mm49_TK.bw
shortLabel mm49_TK
longLabel mm49_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm49_TL
bigDataUrl mm49_TL.bw
shortLabel mm49_TL
longLabel mm49_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

