track mm72_CF
bigDataUrl mm72_CF.bw
shortLabel mm72_CF
longLabel mm72_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm72_FB
bigDataUrl mm72_FB.bw
shortLabel mm72_FB
longLabel mm72_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm72_FL
bigDataUrl mm72_FL.bw
shortLabel mm72_FL
longLabel mm72_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm72_HB
bigDataUrl mm72_HB.bw
shortLabel mm72_HB
longLabel mm72_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm72_HL
bigDataUrl mm72_HL.bw
shortLabel mm72_HL
longLabel mm72_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm72_HR
bigDataUrl mm72_HR.bw
shortLabel mm72_HR
longLabel mm72_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm72_MB
bigDataUrl mm72_MB.bw
shortLabel mm72_MB
longLabel mm72_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm72_NT
bigDataUrl mm72_NT.bw
shortLabel mm72_NT
longLabel mm72_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm72_TK
bigDataUrl mm72_TK.bw
shortLabel mm72_TK
longLabel mm72_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm72_TL
bigDataUrl mm72_TL.bw
shortLabel mm72_TL
longLabel mm72_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

