track mm50_CF
bigDataUrl mm50_CF.bw
shortLabel mm50_CF
longLabel mm50_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm50_FB
bigDataUrl mm50_FB.bw
shortLabel mm50_FB
longLabel mm50_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm50_FL
bigDataUrl mm50_FL.bw
shortLabel mm50_FL
longLabel mm50_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm50_HB
bigDataUrl mm50_HB.bw
shortLabel mm50_HB
longLabel mm50_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm50_HL
bigDataUrl mm50_HL.bw
shortLabel mm50_HL
longLabel mm50_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm50_HR
bigDataUrl mm50_HR.bw
shortLabel mm50_HR
longLabel mm50_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm50_MB
bigDataUrl mm50_MB.bw
shortLabel mm50_MB
longLabel mm50_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm50_NT
bigDataUrl mm50_NT.bw
shortLabel mm50_NT
longLabel mm50_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm50_TK
bigDataUrl mm50_TK.bw
shortLabel mm50_TK
longLabel mm50_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm50_TL
bigDataUrl mm50_TL.bw
shortLabel mm50_TL
longLabel mm50_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

