track hs37_CF
bigDataUrl hs37_CF.bw
shortLabel hs37_CF
longLabel hs37_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs37_FB
bigDataUrl hs37_FB.bw
shortLabel hs37_FB
longLabel hs37_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs37_FL
bigDataUrl hs37_FL.bw
shortLabel hs37_FL
longLabel hs37_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs37_HB
bigDataUrl hs37_HB.bw
shortLabel hs37_HB
longLabel hs37_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs37_HL
bigDataUrl hs37_HL.bw
shortLabel hs37_HL
longLabel hs37_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs37_HR
bigDataUrl hs37_HR.bw
shortLabel hs37_HR
longLabel hs37_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs37_MB
bigDataUrl hs37_MB.bw
shortLabel hs37_MB
longLabel hs37_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs37_NT
bigDataUrl hs37_NT.bw
shortLabel hs37_NT
longLabel hs37_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs37_TK
bigDataUrl hs37_TK.bw
shortLabel hs37_TK
longLabel hs37_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs37_TL
bigDataUrl hs37_TL.bw
shortLabel hs37_TL
longLabel hs37_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

