track mm76_CF
bigDataUrl mm76_CF.bw
shortLabel mm76_CF
longLabel mm76_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm76_FB
bigDataUrl mm76_FB.bw
shortLabel mm76_FB
longLabel mm76_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm76_FL
bigDataUrl mm76_FL.bw
shortLabel mm76_FL
longLabel mm76_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm76_HB
bigDataUrl mm76_HB.bw
shortLabel mm76_HB
longLabel mm76_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm76_HL
bigDataUrl mm76_HL.bw
shortLabel mm76_HL
longLabel mm76_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm76_HR
bigDataUrl mm76_HR.bw
shortLabel mm76_HR
longLabel mm76_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm76_MB
bigDataUrl mm76_MB.bw
shortLabel mm76_MB
longLabel mm76_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm76_NT
bigDataUrl mm76_NT.bw
shortLabel mm76_NT
longLabel mm76_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm76_TK
bigDataUrl mm76_TK.bw
shortLabel mm76_TK
longLabel mm76_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm76_TL
bigDataUrl mm76_TL.bw
shortLabel mm76_TL
longLabel mm76_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

