track mm78_CF
bigDataUrl mm78_CF.bw
shortLabel mm78_CF
longLabel mm78_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm78_FB
bigDataUrl mm78_FB.bw
shortLabel mm78_FB
longLabel mm78_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm78_FL
bigDataUrl mm78_FL.bw
shortLabel mm78_FL
longLabel mm78_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm78_HB
bigDataUrl mm78_HB.bw
shortLabel mm78_HB
longLabel mm78_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm78_HL
bigDataUrl mm78_HL.bw
shortLabel mm78_HL
longLabel mm78_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm78_HR
bigDataUrl mm78_HR.bw
shortLabel mm78_HR
longLabel mm78_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm78_MB
bigDataUrl mm78_MB.bw
shortLabel mm78_MB
longLabel mm78_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm78_NT
bigDataUrl mm78_NT.bw
shortLabel mm78_NT
longLabel mm78_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm78_TK
bigDataUrl mm78_TK.bw
shortLabel mm78_TK
longLabel mm78_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm78_TL
bigDataUrl mm78_TL.bw
shortLabel mm78_TL
longLabel mm78_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

