track mm34_CF
bigDataUrl mm34_CF.bw
shortLabel mm34_CF
longLabel mm34_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm34_FB
bigDataUrl mm34_FB.bw
shortLabel mm34_FB
longLabel mm34_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm34_FL
bigDataUrl mm34_FL.bw
shortLabel mm34_FL
longLabel mm34_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm34_HB
bigDataUrl mm34_HB.bw
shortLabel mm34_HB
longLabel mm34_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm34_HL
bigDataUrl mm34_HL.bw
shortLabel mm34_HL
longLabel mm34_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm34_HR
bigDataUrl mm34_HR.bw
shortLabel mm34_HR
longLabel mm34_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm34_MB
bigDataUrl mm34_MB.bw
shortLabel mm34_MB
longLabel mm34_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm34_NT
bigDataUrl mm34_NT.bw
shortLabel mm34_NT
longLabel mm34_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm34_TK
bigDataUrl mm34_TK.bw
shortLabel mm34_TK
longLabel mm34_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm34_TL
bigDataUrl mm34_TL.bw
shortLabel mm34_TL
longLabel mm34_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

