track mm13_CF
bigDataUrl mm13_CF.bw
shortLabel mm13_CF
longLabel mm13_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm13_FB
bigDataUrl mm13_FB.bw
shortLabel mm13_FB
longLabel mm13_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm13_FL
bigDataUrl mm13_FL.bw
shortLabel mm13_FL
longLabel mm13_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm13_HB
bigDataUrl mm13_HB.bw
shortLabel mm13_HB
longLabel mm13_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm13_HL
bigDataUrl mm13_HL.bw
shortLabel mm13_HL
longLabel mm13_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm13_HR
bigDataUrl mm13_HR.bw
shortLabel mm13_HR
longLabel mm13_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm13_MB
bigDataUrl mm13_MB.bw
shortLabel mm13_MB
longLabel mm13_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm13_NT
bigDataUrl mm13_NT.bw
shortLabel mm13_NT
longLabel mm13_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm13_TK
bigDataUrl mm13_TK.bw
shortLabel mm13_TK
longLabel mm13_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm13_TL
bigDataUrl mm13_TL.bw
shortLabel mm13_TL
longLabel mm13_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

