track mm81_CF
bigDataUrl mm81_CF.bw
shortLabel mm81_CF
longLabel mm81_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm81_FB
bigDataUrl mm81_FB.bw
shortLabel mm81_FB
longLabel mm81_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm81_FL
bigDataUrl mm81_FL.bw
shortLabel mm81_FL
longLabel mm81_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm81_HB
bigDataUrl mm81_HB.bw
shortLabel mm81_HB
longLabel mm81_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm81_HL
bigDataUrl mm81_HL.bw
shortLabel mm81_HL
longLabel mm81_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm81_HR
bigDataUrl mm81_HR.bw
shortLabel mm81_HR
longLabel mm81_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm81_MB
bigDataUrl mm81_MB.bw
shortLabel mm81_MB
longLabel mm81_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm81_NT
bigDataUrl mm81_NT.bw
shortLabel mm81_NT
longLabel mm81_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm81_TK
bigDataUrl mm81_TK.bw
shortLabel mm81_TK
longLabel mm81_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm81_TL
bigDataUrl mm81_TL.bw
shortLabel mm81_TL
longLabel mm81_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

