track hs71_CF
bigDataUrl hs71_CF.bw
shortLabel hs71_CF
longLabel hs71_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs71_FB
bigDataUrl hs71_FB.bw
shortLabel hs71_FB
longLabel hs71_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs71_FL
bigDataUrl hs71_FL.bw
shortLabel hs71_FL
longLabel hs71_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs71_HB
bigDataUrl hs71_HB.bw
shortLabel hs71_HB
longLabel hs71_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs71_HL
bigDataUrl hs71_HL.bw
shortLabel hs71_HL
longLabel hs71_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs71_HR
bigDataUrl hs71_HR.bw
shortLabel hs71_HR
longLabel hs71_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs71_MB
bigDataUrl hs71_MB.bw
shortLabel hs71_MB
longLabel hs71_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs71_NT
bigDataUrl hs71_NT.bw
shortLabel hs71_NT
longLabel hs71_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs71_TK
bigDataUrl hs71_TK.bw
shortLabel hs71_TK
longLabel hs71_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs71_TL
bigDataUrl hs71_TL.bw
shortLabel hs71_TL
longLabel hs71_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

