track mm94_CF
bigDataUrl mm94_CF.bw
shortLabel mm94_CF
longLabel mm94_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm94_FB
bigDataUrl mm94_FB.bw
shortLabel mm94_FB
longLabel mm94_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm94_FL
bigDataUrl mm94_FL.bw
shortLabel mm94_FL
longLabel mm94_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm94_HB
bigDataUrl mm94_HB.bw
shortLabel mm94_HB
longLabel mm94_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm94_HL
bigDataUrl mm94_HL.bw
shortLabel mm94_HL
longLabel mm94_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm94_HR
bigDataUrl mm94_HR.bw
shortLabel mm94_HR
longLabel mm94_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm94_MB
bigDataUrl mm94_MB.bw
shortLabel mm94_MB
longLabel mm94_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm94_NT
bigDataUrl mm94_NT.bw
shortLabel mm94_NT
longLabel mm94_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm94_TK
bigDataUrl mm94_TK.bw
shortLabel mm94_TK
longLabel mm94_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm94_TL
bigDataUrl mm94_TL.bw
shortLabel mm94_TL
longLabel mm94_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

