track mm75_CF
bigDataUrl mm75_CF.bw
shortLabel mm75_CF
longLabel mm75_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm75_FB
bigDataUrl mm75_FB.bw
shortLabel mm75_FB
longLabel mm75_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm75_FL
bigDataUrl mm75_FL.bw
shortLabel mm75_FL
longLabel mm75_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm75_HB
bigDataUrl mm75_HB.bw
shortLabel mm75_HB
longLabel mm75_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm75_HL
bigDataUrl mm75_HL.bw
shortLabel mm75_HL
longLabel mm75_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm75_HR
bigDataUrl mm75_HR.bw
shortLabel mm75_HR
longLabel mm75_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm75_MB
bigDataUrl mm75_MB.bw
shortLabel mm75_MB
longLabel mm75_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm75_NT
bigDataUrl mm75_NT.bw
shortLabel mm75_NT
longLabel mm75_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm75_TK
bigDataUrl mm75_TK.bw
shortLabel mm75_TK
longLabel mm75_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm75_TL
bigDataUrl mm75_TL.bw
shortLabel mm75_TL
longLabel mm75_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

