track mm91_CF
bigDataUrl mm91_CF.bw
shortLabel mm91_CF
longLabel mm91_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm91_FB
bigDataUrl mm91_FB.bw
shortLabel mm91_FB
longLabel mm91_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm91_FL
bigDataUrl mm91_FL.bw
shortLabel mm91_FL
longLabel mm91_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm91_HB
bigDataUrl mm91_HB.bw
shortLabel mm91_HB
longLabel mm91_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm91_HL
bigDataUrl mm91_HL.bw
shortLabel mm91_HL
longLabel mm91_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm91_HR
bigDataUrl mm91_HR.bw
shortLabel mm91_HR
longLabel mm91_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm91_MB
bigDataUrl mm91_MB.bw
shortLabel mm91_MB
longLabel mm91_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm91_NT
bigDataUrl mm91_NT.bw
shortLabel mm91_NT
longLabel mm91_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm91_TK
bigDataUrl mm91_TK.bw
shortLabel mm91_TK
longLabel mm91_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm91_TL
bigDataUrl mm91_TL.bw
shortLabel mm91_TL
longLabel mm91_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

