track hs73_CF
bigDataUrl hs73_CF.bw
shortLabel hs73_CF
longLabel hs73_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs73_FB
bigDataUrl hs73_FB.bw
shortLabel hs73_FB
longLabel hs73_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs73_FL
bigDataUrl hs73_FL.bw
shortLabel hs73_FL
longLabel hs73_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs73_HB
bigDataUrl hs73_HB.bw
shortLabel hs73_HB
longLabel hs73_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs73_HL
bigDataUrl hs73_HL.bw
shortLabel hs73_HL
longLabel hs73_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs73_HR
bigDataUrl hs73_HR.bw
shortLabel hs73_HR
longLabel hs73_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs73_MB
bigDataUrl hs73_MB.bw
shortLabel hs73_MB
longLabel hs73_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs73_NT
bigDataUrl hs73_NT.bw
shortLabel hs73_NT
longLabel hs73_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs73_TK
bigDataUrl hs73_TK.bw
shortLabel hs73_TK
longLabel hs73_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs73_TL
bigDataUrl hs73_TL.bw
shortLabel hs73_TL
longLabel hs73_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

