track mm43_CF
bigDataUrl mm43_CF.bw
shortLabel mm43_CF
longLabel mm43_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm43_FB
bigDataUrl mm43_FB.bw
shortLabel mm43_FB
longLabel mm43_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm43_FL
bigDataUrl mm43_FL.bw
shortLabel mm43_FL
longLabel mm43_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm43_HB
bigDataUrl mm43_HB.bw
shortLabel mm43_HB
longLabel mm43_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm43_HL
bigDataUrl mm43_HL.bw
shortLabel mm43_HL
longLabel mm43_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm43_HR
bigDataUrl mm43_HR.bw
shortLabel mm43_HR
longLabel mm43_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm43_MB
bigDataUrl mm43_MB.bw
shortLabel mm43_MB
longLabel mm43_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm43_NT
bigDataUrl mm43_NT.bw
shortLabel mm43_NT
longLabel mm43_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm43_TK
bigDataUrl mm43_TK.bw
shortLabel mm43_TK
longLabel mm43_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm43_TL
bigDataUrl mm43_TL.bw
shortLabel mm43_TL
longLabel mm43_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

