track hs43_CF
bigDataUrl hs43_CF.bw
shortLabel hs43_CF
longLabel hs43_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs43_FB
bigDataUrl hs43_FB.bw
shortLabel hs43_FB
longLabel hs43_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs43_FL
bigDataUrl hs43_FL.bw
shortLabel hs43_FL
longLabel hs43_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs43_HB
bigDataUrl hs43_HB.bw
shortLabel hs43_HB
longLabel hs43_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs43_HL
bigDataUrl hs43_HL.bw
shortLabel hs43_HL
longLabel hs43_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs43_HR
bigDataUrl hs43_HR.bw
shortLabel hs43_HR
longLabel hs43_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs43_MB
bigDataUrl hs43_MB.bw
shortLabel hs43_MB
longLabel hs43_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs43_NT
bigDataUrl hs43_NT.bw
shortLabel hs43_NT
longLabel hs43_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs43_TK
bigDataUrl hs43_TK.bw
shortLabel hs43_TK
longLabel hs43_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs43_TL
bigDataUrl hs43_TL.bw
shortLabel hs43_TL
longLabel hs43_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

