track mm67_CF
bigDataUrl mm67_CF.bw
shortLabel mm67_CF
longLabel mm67_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm67_FB
bigDataUrl mm67_FB.bw
shortLabel mm67_FB
longLabel mm67_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm67_FL
bigDataUrl mm67_FL.bw
shortLabel mm67_FL
longLabel mm67_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm67_HB
bigDataUrl mm67_HB.bw
shortLabel mm67_HB
longLabel mm67_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm67_HL
bigDataUrl mm67_HL.bw
shortLabel mm67_HL
longLabel mm67_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm67_HR
bigDataUrl mm67_HR.bw
shortLabel mm67_HR
longLabel mm67_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm67_MB
bigDataUrl mm67_MB.bw
shortLabel mm67_MB
longLabel mm67_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm67_NT
bigDataUrl mm67_NT.bw
shortLabel mm67_NT
longLabel mm67_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm67_TK
bigDataUrl mm67_TK.bw
shortLabel mm67_TK
longLabel mm67_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm67_TL
bigDataUrl mm67_TL.bw
shortLabel mm67_TL
longLabel mm67_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

