track mm62_CF
bigDataUrl mm62_CF.bw
shortLabel mm62_CF
longLabel mm62_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm62_FB
bigDataUrl mm62_FB.bw
shortLabel mm62_FB
longLabel mm62_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm62_FL
bigDataUrl mm62_FL.bw
shortLabel mm62_FL
longLabel mm62_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm62_HB
bigDataUrl mm62_HB.bw
shortLabel mm62_HB
longLabel mm62_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm62_HL
bigDataUrl mm62_HL.bw
shortLabel mm62_HL
longLabel mm62_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm62_HR
bigDataUrl mm62_HR.bw
shortLabel mm62_HR
longLabel mm62_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm62_MB
bigDataUrl mm62_MB.bw
shortLabel mm62_MB
longLabel mm62_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm62_NT
bigDataUrl mm62_NT.bw
shortLabel mm62_NT
longLabel mm62_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm62_TK
bigDataUrl mm62_TK.bw
shortLabel mm62_TK
longLabel mm62_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm62_TL
bigDataUrl mm62_TL.bw
shortLabel mm62_TL
longLabel mm62_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

