track mm14_CF
bigDataUrl mm14_CF.bw
shortLabel mm14_CF
longLabel mm14_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm14_FB
bigDataUrl mm14_FB.bw
shortLabel mm14_FB
longLabel mm14_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm14_FL
bigDataUrl mm14_FL.bw
shortLabel mm14_FL
longLabel mm14_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm14_HB
bigDataUrl mm14_HB.bw
shortLabel mm14_HB
longLabel mm14_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm14_HL
bigDataUrl mm14_HL.bw
shortLabel mm14_HL
longLabel mm14_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm14_HR
bigDataUrl mm14_HR.bw
shortLabel mm14_HR
longLabel mm14_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm14_MB
bigDataUrl mm14_MB.bw
shortLabel mm14_MB
longLabel mm14_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm14_NT
bigDataUrl mm14_NT.bw
shortLabel mm14_NT
longLabel mm14_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm14_TK
bigDataUrl mm14_TK.bw
shortLabel mm14_TK
longLabel mm14_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm14_TL
bigDataUrl mm14_TL.bw
shortLabel mm14_TL
longLabel mm14_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

