track hs12_CF
bigDataUrl hs12_CF.bw
shortLabel hs12_CF
longLabel hs12_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs12_FB
bigDataUrl hs12_FB.bw
shortLabel hs12_FB
longLabel hs12_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs12_FL
bigDataUrl hs12_FL.bw
shortLabel hs12_FL
longLabel hs12_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs12_HB
bigDataUrl hs12_HB.bw
shortLabel hs12_HB
longLabel hs12_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs12_HL
bigDataUrl hs12_HL.bw
shortLabel hs12_HL
longLabel hs12_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs12_HR
bigDataUrl hs12_HR.bw
shortLabel hs12_HR
longLabel hs12_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs12_MB
bigDataUrl hs12_MB.bw
shortLabel hs12_MB
longLabel hs12_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs12_NT
bigDataUrl hs12_NT.bw
shortLabel hs12_NT
longLabel hs12_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs12_TK
bigDataUrl hs12_TK.bw
shortLabel hs12_TK
longLabel hs12_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track hs12_TL
bigDataUrl hs12_TL.bw
shortLabel hs12_TL
longLabel hs12_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

