track mm87_CF
bigDataUrl mm87_CF.bw
shortLabel mm87_CF
longLabel mm87_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm87_FB
bigDataUrl mm87_FB.bw
shortLabel mm87_FB
longLabel mm87_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm87_FL
bigDataUrl mm87_FL.bw
shortLabel mm87_FL
longLabel mm87_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm87_HB
bigDataUrl mm87_HB.bw
shortLabel mm87_HB
longLabel mm87_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm87_HL
bigDataUrl mm87_HL.bw
shortLabel mm87_HL
longLabel mm87_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm87_HR
bigDataUrl mm87_HR.bw
shortLabel mm87_HR
longLabel mm87_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm87_MB
bigDataUrl mm87_MB.bw
shortLabel mm87_MB
longLabel mm87_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm87_NT
bigDataUrl mm87_NT.bw
shortLabel mm87_NT
longLabel mm87_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm87_TK
bigDataUrl mm87_TK.bw
shortLabel mm87_TK
longLabel mm87_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track mm87_TL
bigDataUrl mm87_TL.bw
shortLabel mm87_TL
longLabel mm87_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

