track HLEA_CF
bigDataUrl HLEA_CF.bw
shortLabel HLEA_CF
longLabel HLEA_CF
type bigWig
color 199,91,124
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEA_FB
bigDataUrl HLEA_FB.bw
shortLabel HLEA_FB
longLabel HLEA_FB
type bigWig
color 98,159,216
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEA_FL
bigDataUrl HLEA_FL.bw
shortLabel HLEA_FL
longLabel HLEA_FL
type bigWig
color 201,149,22
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEA_HB
bigDataUrl HLEA_HB.bw
shortLabel HLEA_HB
longLabel HLEA_HB
type bigWig
color 200,129,187
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEA_HL
bigDataUrl HLEA_HL.bw
shortLabel HLEA_HL
longLabel HLEA_HL
type bigWig
color 207,207,60
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEA_HR
bigDataUrl HLEA_HR.bw
shortLabel HLEA_HR
longLabel HLEA_HR
type bigWig
color 200,55,55
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEA_MB
bigDataUrl HLEA_MB.bw
shortLabel HLEA_MB
longLabel HLEA_MB
type bigWig
color 113,107,189
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEA_NT
bigDataUrl HLEA_NT.bw
shortLabel HLEA_NT
longLabel HLEA_NT
type bigWig
color 91,134,61
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEA_TK
bigDataUrl HLEA_TK.bw
shortLabel HLEA_TK
longLabel HLEA_TK
type bigWig
color 193,209,125
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

track HLEA_TL
bigDataUrl HLEA_TL.bw
shortLabel HLEA_TL
longLabel HLEA_TL
type bigWig
color 59,128,154
visibility dense
windowingFunction mean
smoothingWindow 5

